# Code of Conduct for the Conan Center 1,000 Recipe Virtual Celebration

The purpose of this Code of Conduct is to set our expectations in connection with your
participation in Conan Center 1,000 Recipe Virtual Celebration and to provide clear
guidelines for the acceptable and unacceptable behavior of all participants in Conan
1,000 Recipe Virtual Celebration. We expect all Conan Center 1,000 Recipe Virtual 
Celebration participants to fully comply with our code of conduct.

JFrog seeks, at all times, to conduct its business in a lawful, ethical and 
professional manner, and expects the attendees of Conan Center 1,000 Recipe Virtual 
Celebration, whether they are participants, sponsors, exhibitors, speakers or vendors, 
to adhere to the same.

You will behave in a way as to create a safe and supportive environment for all JFrog 
virtual events (webinar, live streams, etc.) and participants, including JFrog 
employees, moderators, attendees, vendors, sponsors, speakers, and volunteers. 

You will not engage in disruptive speech or behavior or otherwise interfere with the 
virtual event or other individualsâ€™ participation in the Event.

JFrog will not tolerate harassment in any form. You will not engage in any form of 
harassing, offensive, discriminatory, or threatening speech or behavior, including (
but not limited to) relating to race, gender, gender identity and expression, national 
origin, religion, disability, marital status, age, sexual orientation, military or 
veteran status, or other protected category. Harassment includes, but not limited to, 
the use of abusive, offensive or degrading language, or an inappropriate physical or 
virtual conduct.

Participants who are asked to cease any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately. 

You will comply with all applicable laws, with the instructions of the moderator and 
any JFrog virtual event staff. You agree to abide by and conduct yourself in 
accordance with this Code of Conduct. 

You agree to abide by and conduct yourself in accordance with this Code of Conduct.

JFrog reserves the right, and will have full discretion, to take any action which it 
deems appropriate against you if you do not comply with the foregoing, including 
prohibiting you from participation in the Event. 

If you are being harassed or have any related concerns, please contact <events@jfrog.com>
